docs: handling errors within an Select (#1444)
ngxs/store: docs/advanced/errors.md

      // throw err;
      // If you forward an error further, then an automatic unsubscription from the stream will occur.
      // Do not do this if you do not want it.
    }
  })
  count$: Observable<number>;
}
```

#### Why does Rxjs unsubscribe on error?

An explanation of why this matters can be found from Rx design guidelines:

The single message indicating that an observable sequence has finished ensures that consumers of the observable sequence can deterministically establish that it is safe to perform cleanup operations.

A single failure further ensures that abort semantics can be maintained for operators that work on multiple observable sequences.

In short, if you want your observers to keep listening to the store after a error has occurred, do not deliver that error to the store, but rather handle it in some other way (e.g. use catch, retry or deliver the error to a dedicated subject).

```ts
this.store.select(CountState).pipe(
  retryWhen(errors =>
    errors.pipe(
      delay(1000),
      tap(errorStatus => {
        if (!errorStatus.startsWith('5')) {
          throw errorStatus;
        }

        console.log('Retrying...');
      })
    )
  )
);
```

> If you have some reason to pass on the error yet still not close the observable, then you can just catch and return the Error instead of throwing it. That way the type of the observable goes from `Observable<T>` to `Observable<T | Error>` and the observable doesn't close on error.

Reviewer: I think that example that you showed with `catchError () -> of(null)` would be great here except of the whole text :)

Author: remove it

```ts
this.store.reset({}); // reset all states
```

The catch is that when resetting the entire state, the object will no longer have those deeply nested properties (`state.count.number.value`). Given the following code:

```ts
const state = {};

function getCount() {
  return state.count.number.value;
}

getCount(); // will throw
```

RxJS will automatically complete the stream under the hood if any error is thrown.

You have to disable suppressing errors using the `suppressErrors` option:

```ts
@NgModule({
  imports: [
    NgxsModule.forRoot([CountState], {
      selectorOptions: {
        suppressErrors: false // `true` by default
      }
    })
  ]
})
export class AppModule {}
```

This option allows to track errors and handle them.

```ts
@Component({
  /* .. */
})
class AppComponent {
  @Select(state => {
    try {
      return state.count.number.value;
    } catch (err) {
      console.log('error', err);
      // throw err;
      // Automatic unsubscription will occur if you use the `throw` statement here. Skip it if you don't want the stream to be completed on error.
      // Do not do this if you do not want it.
    }
  })
  count$: Observable<number>;
}
```

> #### Why does Rxjs unsubscribe on error?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Why does RxJS unsubscribe on error?
```

> An explanation of why this matters can be found from RxJS design [guidelines](https://github.com/ReactiveX/rxjs/blob/master/docs_app/content/guide/observable.md#executing-observables).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RxJS [design guidelines](https://github.com/ReactiveX/rxjs/blob/master/docs_app/content/guide/observable.md#executing-observables) provides a great explanation of this behavior.
``ts
``
```

export class AppModule {}
```

## Handling errors within an `@Select`

```ts
@Component({
  /* .. */
})
class AppComponent {

>   @Select(state => state.count.number.value)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  @Select(state => state.count.number.value) count$: Observable<number>;
```

Without `public` :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye:

Author: c

  public count$: Observable<number>;
}
```

> One of the main problems is that if your application state is not correct later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's take a look at the below example:
```

Author: done

```ts

> this.store.reset({}); // destroy all states

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this.store.reset({}); // reset all states
```

Author: done

```

> Then automatically all subscribers will be unsubscribed from the store, as an internal error will occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The catch is that when resetting the entire state, the object will no longer have those deeply nested properties (`state.count.number.value`). Given the following code:
``ts
const state = {};
function getCount() {
  return state.count.number.value;
  }
  getCount(); // will throw
``
RxJS will automatically complete the stream under the hood if any error is thrown.
```

Author: done

> To track such things, you must disable `suppressErrors` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to  disable suppressing errors using the `suppressErrors` option:
```

Author: done

```ts
@NgModule({
  imports: [
    NgxsModule.forRoot([CountState], {
      selectorOptions: {

>         suppressErrors: false // default by true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        suppressErrors: false // `true` by default
```

Author: done

      }
    })
  ]
})
export class AppModule {}
```

> This way you can track application errors and add error handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allows to track errors and handle them.
```

Author: done

```ts
@Component({
  /* .. */
})
class AppComponent {
  @Select(state => {
    try {
      return state.count.number.value;
    } catch (err) {
      console.log('error', err);
      // throw err;

>       // If you forward an error further, then an automatic unsubscription from the stream will occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // Automatic unsubscription will occur if you use the `throw` statement here. Skip it if you don't want the stream to be completed on error
```

Author: done

      // Do not do this if you do not want it.
    }
  })

>   public count$: Observable<number>;

Reviewer: No `public` :)

Author: done

}
```

> #### Why does Rxjs unsubscribe on error?

Reviewer: Seems like it's a little bit complicated information. Maybe we could just leave the link to this info? What do you think?

Author: done

An explanation of why this matters can be found from Rx design guidelines:

The single message indicating that an observable sequence has finished ensures that consumers of the observable sequence can deterministically establish that it is safe to perform cleanup operations.

A single failure further ensures that abort semantics can be maintained for operators that work on multiple observable sequences.

In short, if you want your observers to keep listening to the store after a error has occurred, do not deliver that error to the store, but rather handle it in some other way (e.g. use catch, retry or deliver the error to a dedicated subject).

```ts
this.store.select(CountState).pipe(
  retryWhen(errors =>
    errors.pipe(
      // log error message
      tap(val => console.log(`Value ${val} was too high!`)),
      // restart in 6 seconds

>       delayWhen(val => timer(val * 1000))

Reviewer: Maybe some example without `delayWhen`? I think it's redundant. You could provide some example from the real app. So the reader will not have questions "what is `delayWhen` doing here?"

Author: done

    )
  )
);
```

> If you have some reason to pass on the error yet still not close the observable, then you can just catch and return the Error instead of throwing it. That way the type of the observable goes from `Observable<T>` to `Observable<T | Error>` and the observable doesn't close on error.

Reviewer: Sorry, what did you mean here? :yum:

Author: ```ts
this.store.select(mySelector).pipe(
  catchError((err) => {
      // ...
     return of(null);
  }).subscribe((result) => {
    // result expect MyModel | null
 })
)
```

Reviewer: Oh, okay.
